domain=geopedia.me
coordinatesystem = S
dmvfile = /pedia/data/rawdmv/dmv125.raw

db.host = 10.5.250.221
db.user = pediawww
db.pass = pediawww
db.basedb = pedicamain

updatedb.host = 10.5.250.221
updatedb.user = pediaupdate
updatedb.pass = pediaupdate
updatedb.basedb = pedicamain

#public.renderer.numhosts = 1
public.renderer.numhosts = 2
public.renderer.basepath = /rp
public.renderer.host0 = sl1.geopedia.me
public.renderer.host1 = sl2.geopedia.me


copyright.geopedia.watermark = com/cosylab/gisopedia/servlets/logoText170.png
copyright.geopedia.watermark.offsetLeft = 10
copyright.geopedia.watermark.offsetBottom = 10

public.renderer.featpath = /hlt

copyright.list = sinergise, gurs, gi, globalvision

copyright.sinergise.text = Sinergise
copyright.sinergise.link = http://www.sinergise.com

copyright.gurs.text = Geodetska uprava Republike Slovenije
copyright.gurs.link = http://www.gu.gov.si

copyright.gi.text = Geodetski in\u0161titut Slovenije 
copyright.gi.link = http://www.gis.si/

copyright.globalvision.text = Quo TM
copyright.globalvision.link = http://www.kje.si/

dataset.combos.number = 0

dataset.combo0.datasets = dmc,dmv
dataset.combo0.basepath = /pre/dmc+dmv
dataset.combo0.maxlevel = 18
dataset.combo0.numhosts = 5
dataset.combo0.host0 = dmc01.geopedia.me
dataset.combo0.host1 = dmc02.geopedia.me
dataset.combo0.host2 = dmc03.geopedia.me
dataset.combo0.host3 = dmc04.geopedia.me
dataset.combo0.host4 = dmc05.geopedia.me

dataset.combo1.datasets = dof,dmv
dataset.combo1.basepath = /pre/dof+dmv
dataset.combo1.maxlevel = 18
dataset.combo1.numhosts = 5
dataset.combo1.host0 = dmc01.geopedia.me
dataset.combo1.host1 = dmc02.geopedia.me
dataset.combo1.host2 = dmc03.geopedia.me
dataset.combo1.host3 = dmc04.geopedia.me
dataset.combo1.host4 = dmc05.geopedia.me

static.datasets = dof


dataset.dof.id = 1
dataset.dof.name = Ortofoto
dataset.dof.basepath = /dof/jpg
dataset.dof.maxlevel = 18
dataset.dof.defaultstate = off
dataset.dof.numcopy = 1
dataset.dof.copy0 = gurs
dataset.dof.numhosts = 5
dataset.dof.host0 = dof501.geopedia.me
dataset.dof.host1 = dof502.geopedia.me
dataset.dof.host2 = dof503.geopedia.me
dataset.dof.host3 = dof504.geopedia.me
dataset.dof.host4 = dof505.geopedia.me

dataset.dmv.id = 3
dataset.dmv.name = Relief
dataset.dmv.exclude = tk
dataset.dmv.basepath = /pre/dmv
dataset.dmv.maxlevel = 18
dataset.dmv.defaultstate = off
dataset.dmv.numcopy = 1
dataset.dmv.copy0 = gurs
dataset.dmv.numhosts = 5
dataset.dmv.host0 = dmv01.geopedia.me
dataset.dmv.host1 = dmv02.geopedia.me
dataset.dmv.host2 = dmv03.geopedia.me
dataset.dmv.host3 = dmv04.geopedia.me
dataset.dmv.host4 = dmv05.geopedia.me

dataset.tk.id = 4
dataset.tk.name = Topo
dataset.tk.exclude = dmc,dmv,dof
dataset.tk.basepath = /pre/dtk
dataset.tk.maxlevel = 18
dataset.tk.defaultstate = on
dataset.tk.numcopy = 2
dataset.tk.copy0 = gurs
dataset.tk.copy0.limit = 9
dataset.tk.copy1 = gi
dataset.tk.numhosts = 5
dataset.tk.host0 = dmv01.geopedia.me
dataset.tk.host1 = dmv02.geopedia.me
dataset.tk.host2 = dmv03.geopedia.me
dataset.tk.host3 = dmv04.geopedia.me
dataset.tk.host4 = dmv05.geopedia.me

dataset.pzs.id = 5
dataset.pzs.name = Topo
dataset.pzs.exclude = dmc,dmv,dof,tk
dataset.pzs.basepath = /pre/pzs/merged
dataset.pzs.maxlevel = 16
dataset.pzs.defaultstate = off
dataset.pzs.defaultenabled = no
dataset.pzs.numcopy = 1
dataset.pzs.copy0 = gurs
dataset.pzs.numhosts = 5
dataset.pzs.host0 = dmv01.geopedia.me
dataset.pzs.host1 = dmv02.geopedia.me
dataset.pzs.host2 = dmv03.geopedia.me
dataset.pzs.host3 = dmv04.geopedia.me
dataset.pzs.host4 = dmv05.geopedia.me

metadata.refresh.interval = 500


webLinks.location=war/weblinks/

dynamicRasters.basepath = /pre/layers/
dynamicRasters.numhosts = 1
dynamicRasters.host0 = dmv01.geopedia.me
