For the purpose of this agreement, the following naming is used:

- YYY is referred to as "Product";

- The Contractual Authority which is the final buyer of the "Product", is 
referred to as "Client".

- "Source Code" refers to the "Product"'s source code package and/or repository
and includes all resources provided in the package, regardles of their file
format or purpose. The package may include or reference resources copyrighted by
parties other than Sinergise, in which case corresponding licensing information
is provided alongside the resource.

The "Product"'s Source Code is released under the following license:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sinergise Ltd. Product Source Code License Agreement
Copyright Â© 2012 Sinergise Ltd. All rights reserved.

Please read this Source Code License Agreement carefully before using the source
code.

Sinergise Ltd. grants to the "Client" a perpetual, non-exclusive, no-charge,
royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license, to use this "Source Code" within
the "Product" under the following limitations:

1) The "Source Code" should be used with and only with the "Product", its
modifications and upgrades.

2) The "Source Code" should only be used by the "Client" or by contractors
appointed by the "Client" for the purpose of maintenance and modifications of
the "Product" on behalf of the "Client".

3) You agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Sinergise Ltd. from and
against any loss, damage, claims or lawsuits, including attorney's fees that
arise or result from your use or distribution of the "Source Code".

This software is provided by Sinergise "as is" and any express or implied
warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event
shall Sinergise be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special,
exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement
of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business
interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in
contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising
in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility
of such damage.