For the purpose of this agreement, the following naming is used:

- YYY is referred to as "Library";

- The end-user application, provided by Sinergise to you and powered by the 
"Library" is referred to as "Product";

- The Contractual Authority which is the final buyer of the "Product", is 
referred to as "Client".

- "Source Code" refers to the "Library"'s source code package and/or repository
and includes all resources provided in the package, regardles of their file
format or purpose. The package may include or reference resources copyrighted by
parties other than Sinergise, in which case corresponding licensing information
is provided alongside the resource.

The "Library"'s Source Code is released under the following license:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sinergise Ltd. Library Source Code License Agreement
Copyright Â© 2012 Sinergise Ltd. All rights reserved.

Please read this Source Code License Agreement carefully before using the source
code.

Sinergise Ltd. grants to the "Client" a perpetual, non-exclusive, no-charge,
royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license, to use this "Source Code" within
the "Product" under the following limitations:

1) The "Source Code" should be used with and only with the "Product", its
modifications and upgrades. No other use of the "Source Code" is allowed,
including but not limited to, developing new software based on this
"Source Code".

2) The "Source Code" should only be used by contractors to which Sinergise has
transferred the right to maintain the "Product". In case Sinergise is not able
to support software development and maintenance in accordance with the dynamics
and in Quality demanded by the "Client" or if Sinergise disappears from the
market, the "Client" is entitled to transfer the "Source Code" to a new
Contractor. In such case the "Client" is obligated to sign a non-disclosure
agreement with the chosen new Contractor stating that the "Source Code" will not
be turned over to third parties and that it will be used only for the purpose of
maintenance and modifications of the "Product" on behalf of the Client.

3) The "Client", or any third party appointed by the "Client", may use the
"Source Code" solely for the purpose of maintaining the "Product" and only in
the business premises of the "Client" unless it receives the written permission
to do otherwise by Sinergise.

4) It is not allowed to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly
display, publicly perform, or distribute this "Source Code" or any derivative
works of this "Source Code" without written permission by Sinergise.

5) You agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Sinergise Ltd. from and
against any loss, damage, claims or lawsuits, including attorney's fees that
arise or result from your use or distribution of the "Source Code".

This software is provided by Sinergise "as is" and any express or implied
warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event
shall Sinergise be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special,
exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement
of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business
interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in
contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising
in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility
of such damage.